## Introduction

Keep in mind that the bot is considered as a regular user by Discord. If it doesn't have the permission to read a channel, it can't see any command written in this channel. This applies to permission management as well.

Use `!help` to see every available command.

```!help <command>```

`<>` means that the parameter is required.
`[]` means that the parameter is optional.
____
## Commands


#### Add

```!add <member> [channel]```

Adds a "read_permissions" overwrite to a channel. Cobalt needs "Manage Permissions" in order to perform this operation.

`!add @FancyUsername #general` will make @FancyUsername able to see messages in #general.

If no channel is given, the channel used to send this command will be used.

#### Remove

```!remove <member> [channel]```

Removes a "read_permissions" overwrite to a channel. Cobalt needs "Manage Permissions" in order to perform this operation.

`!remove @FancyUsername #general` will make @FancyUsername unable to see messages in #general.

If no channel is given, the channel used to send this command will be used.

#### CanRead

```!canRead [chan]```

Shows members who can access a channel.

`!canRead #general` will print every member that can see messages in #general

If no channel is given, the channel used to send this command will be used.

#### refreshDirectories

```!refreshDirectories```

Force refresh every directory generated by Cobalt.

#### setInfo

```!setInfo <user> [steamID] [streamURL]``` // TODO make every arg requiered.

Links a Steam ID and a stream URL to an User.

```!setInfo @FancyUsername 123456789123456 http://leekspin.com/``` @FancyUsername will now have `123456789123456` as steam ID and `http://leekspin.com/` as stream URL. 

Those values will be used during directory generation.

You can also use `!setStreamURL <user> <streamURL>` and `!setSteamID <user> <steamID>`.

____
## Additional features

#### Permission notitication

Only on match channels (if the channel name begins with `[a-z][0-9]_` :nerd:).

Cobalt will send a message every time a member or a role gains or loses read permission.

